docs/design.md, before:

# Domain
- One instance of Project Aspen represents one charity.
- A charity can have multiple events.
- An event has multiple teams.
- A team has multiple registrants.
- A team may elect to have hidden registrants or public registrants.  In either case you still show the number of people on the team in the team details page.
- A registrant can have multiple people (adults, children).


# User Roles
** An individual user can have multiple roles **
- Admin
  - An administrator can create and update events, and manage page_data to customize the site.  Admin users can also manage teams.
- Sponsor
  - Sponsors can sign up on the website, give a certain amount, upload their logo.
  - Local administrators can also create sponsors and put in their images.
  - Sponsors can be per-event or annual giving partners that support the charity in general.
- Team Owner  
- Participant
  - Can manage their own registration
  - Can donate / pledge
  - Can buy t-shirts, meals etc. (out of scope for 2021)
- Public unauthenticated user


# Events
There is one 'current' event; requests to the root of the site will display information on the 'current' event.
A different as-yet-undetermined URL route could/would allow access to previous/future events (e.g. /events/2021walk/*)
- An event has multiple teams.
- An event has a location
- An event can have a schedule of activities (out of scope for 2021)


## Teams
- A team only exists within an event.
- Team owners can manage members on their team
- Team owners can set fundraising goals for their team
- Team owners can set the story, the picture, the description, etc. for the team.


# Fundraising (out of scope for 2021)
There are different fundraising tier amounts, (e.g. $500 for 6 movie tickets, $1k for a kindle, $2k for an iPad, etc.)  Prizes are public on the sign-up page.  Show whatever prize you most recently qualified for and how far away you are from the next prize.  Prizes are per event.

Commit message:

Update docs; fix api path on event service

docs/design.md, after:

# Domain
- One instance of Project Aspen represents one charity.
- A charity can have multiple events.
- An event has multiple teams.
- A team has multiple registrants.
- A team may elect to have hidden registrants or public registrants.  In either case you still show the number of people on the team in the team details page.
- A registrant can have multiple people (adults, children).


# User Roles
** An individual user can have multiple roles **
- Admin
  - An administrator can create and update events, and manage page_data to customize the site.  Admin users can also manage teams.
- Sponsor
  - Sponsors can sign up on the website, give a certain amount, upload their logo.
  - Local administrators can also create sponsors and put in their images.
  - Sponsors can be per-event or annual giving partners that support the charity in general.
- Team Owner 
  - Manage team
    - Delete team members (don't require pre-approval to join)
    - set fundraising goal
    - update story / description / video
    - update name
- Participant
  - Can manage their own registration
  - Can donate / pledge
  - Can buy t-shirts, meals etc. (out of scope for 2021)
- Public unauthenticated user


# Events
There is one 'current' event; requests to the root of the site will display information on the 'current' event.
A different as-yet-undetermined URL route could/would allow access to previous/future events (e.g. /events/2021walk/*)
- An event has multiple teams.
- An event has a location
- An event can have a schedule of activities (out of scope for 2021)


## Teams
- A team only exists within an event.
- Team owners can manage members on their team
- Team owners can set fundraising goals for their team
- Team owners can set the story, the picture, the description, video link, etc. for the team.


# Fundraising (out of scope for 2021)
There are different fundraising tier amounts, (e.g. $500 for 6 movie tickets, $1k for a kindle, $2k for an iPad, etc.)  Prizes are public on the sign-up page.  Show whatever prize you most recently qualified for and how far away you are from the next prize.  Prizes are per event.

# T-Shirts & Food (out of scope for 2021)
- A set of add-ons exists per event
- Add-ons could be t-shirts, food items, etc.
- Each add-on can have indiv. details (e.g. shirt size)
- A registration owner can purchase add-ons for the regsitration members of their registration
  - That can be 0+ of each add-on per registration member.
